&1
I finally made it to my
uncle's beach house!
The big summery sun
shined down the whole
way to Fumi.
///
Listening close from
my bed at night,
I can hear the sound
of the waves.

&2
I tried using a
crayfish as bait
when fishing.
///
If I catch a lot,
I should let the
crayfish have some
fish, as a treat.

&3
I swam past the edge
of the harbor for
the first time.
///
The sun beams lit up
the ocean and all the
fish in it.
It was so pretty...

&4
A twisty bramble of
black trees rests at
the bottom of Lake
Okusawa.
///
It's like it was
calling to me to
swim inside...
Spooky.

&5
I finally found the
secret base! You can
see all kinds of
stuff from up here.
///
It's so high up that
everyone looks tiny.
It rules!

&6
I did it! I really
found my own beetle!
I love the way its
shell sparkles.
///
But...it pinches me
when I try to hold
it. Ouchies.

&7
Today was my first
beetle sumo match
ever!
///
Push! Pull! Throw!
Hang in there, little
guy! Waaah it was so
much fun!

&8
I caught my very first
crayfish! The claws
are kinda scary...
///
Scary, but totally
cool.

&9
Bad news.
My morning glories
withered up.
It was my fault.
///
I guess I forgot to
water them. Morning
glories...I'm sorry.

&10
My morning glories
bloomed! I can finally
see how beautiful the
flowers are.
///
Too bad they close up
again so quick.

&11
A vine of morning
glories bloomed,
but it wasn't my
vine.
///
I was still happy to
see it, though.
I'll leave it alone.

&12
Tap, tap, tap, tap...
That's the sound of
a shoulder massage.
///
If I put all my
strength into it,
I get some spending
money.

&13
SHYOOOOOM!
We have lift-off!
///
Over the ocean and
over the mountains
and...KRA-KOW!
A crash landing.

&14
The rocket flew off-
course and toward
the mountain.
KA-SPLOWIE!
///
Space feels even
further away than
it did before.

&15
Empty can in its
beak, the seagull
soared through the
sky.
///
Where does it get
them from? I guess
seagulls must love
soda too.