&1
-Chinese Peacock-
These large butterflies
suddenly pop out when
I step into the woods.
Their inky black wings
shine so pretty.

&2
-Long Tail Spangle-
They appear whenever
you can hear a
babbling brook.
Their slow and
graceful flying leaves
a lasting impression.

&3
-Chinese Windmill-
They effortlessly glide
through the air with
minimal flapping. Their
wing patterns remind
me of my aunt's
clothes.

&4
-Swallowtail-
They leisurely glide
around town on their
king-sized wings.
The caterpillars like
eating mandarins.

&5
-Old World Swallowtail-
A lot like the other
swallowtails. Their
wing pattern has fine
details and they hang
around open fields.
I do that too.

&6
-Dragon Swallowtail-
There's a bit on their
wings that sticks out
like a spike. They're
our little friends
that came to Japan
from Korea.

&7
-Great Mormon-
Even as caterpillars,
these ones really like
to chow down on
mandarins.

&8
-Lime Swallowtail-
These don't have the
same tail thingies on
their wings that other
butterflies have.
They flew to Japan
from Taiwan.

&9
-Common Bluebottle-
The dark patterns on
their dark wings look
like inky brush strokes.
They're tough to net
because they fly so fast.

&10
-Common Jay-
They appear around
trees near Shinto
shrines.
They don't like cold
and are more common
in warmer places.

&11
-Eversmann's
Parnassian-
They're picky and only
feed on komakusa
nectar. They're a
national treasure found
high on mountain tops.

&12
-Glacial Apollo-
Their wings are pure
white and let light
through.
Beautiful, like your
sister's wedding dress.

&13
-Great Orange Tip-
They love hibiscus
flowers. They look
kinda fancy-pants,
but they're strong
fliers.

&14
-Lesser Brimstone-
Their spiky, leaf-like
wings get all torn up
after hibernating.
I feel bad for them.

&15
-Black-veined White-
Apple and cherry trees
fear this butterfly.
They look like angels,
but they've got a mean
streak.

&16
-Cabbage White-
You see these white
butterflies everywhere.
The leave holes in
cabbage leaves—their
favorite food.

&17
-Garden White-
They like to stay in
dark, damp places.
In the cities they're
even more common
than cabbage whites.

&18
-Eastern Pale Clouded
Yellow-
These are everywhere,
from the north to the
south. They're hardy
and feed on dandelion
and thistle nectar.

&19
-Moorland Clouded
Yellow-
Way, way high up in the
mountains, you can find
these butterflies.
The pink edges on their
wings are really cool.

&20
-Orange Tip-
A somber-looking
butterfly with an
arabesque wing
pattern.
They come out on
bright and sunny days.

&21
-Dark Evening Brown-
I don't see many others
with a wing shape like
this one.
They hide during the
day and come out in
the evening.

&22
-Diana Treebrown-
It's kinds creepy how
their wings are covered
in eyeball shapes. Their
favorite food is sap
from a sawtooth oak
tree.


&23
-Arran Brown-
They're found high up
on mountains that get
snow in the winter.
They prefer grassy
meadows to forests.

&24
-Chinese Bushbrown-
Rather than flowers,
they'd rather feed on
figs or persimmons.
They'll show up in the
city but prefer sunny
meadows.

&25
-Orange Oakleaf-
On one side, it looks
like a leaf, but the
other is a work of art.
Which one is the true
you?

&26
-Great Purple Emperor-
Presenting, the national
butterfly of Japan!
It likes the sap of
oak trees and
sometimes swarms in
large numbers.

&27
-Red Ring Skirt-
Your eyes are drawn to
the crimson streaks on
their wings. They can
glide on the wind
without flapping.

&28
-Freyer's Purple
Emperor-
Mysteriously, their
pattern looks different
depending on the angle
you look at it. Feeds
on willow trees.

&29
-Constable-
The patterns on their
wings evoke ink poured
on water. Found near
sawtooth oak trees.

&30
-Danaid Eggfly-
They mimic a poisonous
butterfly with their
appearance, even
going as far as
mimicking their flight
patterns.

&31
-Comma-
It looks like someone
chewed all over the
wings of this poor
butterfly. Comma,
you're a weird one.

&32
-European Peacock-
A gorgeous butterfly
with peacock-like
eyelets on its wings.
They fly too fast to
chase after.

&33
-Blue Admiral-
Their wings are a
rich blue color with
subtle accents. They
inhabit many different
places, from cities to
mountains.

&34
-Mourning Cloak-
They live deep in the
woods and fly with
a light gracefulness.
Likes tree sap more
than flower nectar.

&35
-Painted Lady-
Note: Not actually all
ladies.
Must hate cold weather
because they travel
south in the fall.

&36
-Poplar Admiral-
Flies around near
streams like it owns
the place. Likes sap
and will completely
ignore flowers.

&37
-Silver-washed
Fritillary-
They emerge as adults
in the spring, but
sleep through the
summer. Has nice
leopard print wings.

&38
-European Beak-
The frill on its head
looks like a tengu's
nose. You can even
spot them in the winter
on a sunny day.

&39
-Paper Kite-
They're found in
seaside forests.
The caterpillars are
poisonous, don't eat
them.

&40
-Chestnut Tiger-
They soar high when
riding wind currents.
When the weather gets
cold, they all fly
south.

&41
-Angled Sunbeam-
They fly around in
circles, spinning all
around you. Sometimes
they land to catch
their breath.

&42
-Japanese Silverlines-
As caterpillars, they
are super lazy couch
potatoes that get fed
ant snacks. They're
actually carnivores.

&43
-Black Hairstreak-
Loves to eat plums, as
their Japanese name
implies. In the evening
they'll fly high in
the forest canopy.

&44
-Iratsume-
They frolic and play
even into the late
hours of the night.
Where do they find
the energy?

&45
-Great Green
Hairstreak-
Their wings are coated
with a sparkly green
powder that stands out
on their black wings.

&46
-Chrysozephyrus-
You can find them near
fresh water in forests.
There's over 100
species of them across
the globe.

&47
-Wonderful Hairstreak-
They fly over me in
waves, high up in the
forest canopy. The
sunlight reflecting
off their wings looks
stunningly brilliant.

&48
-Tailless Bushblue-
There used to be more
of them, but pesticides
have reduced their
numbers by a lot.
At least now they're a
protected species.

&49
-Silver-studded Blue-
They fly at a relaxed
pace over meadows
and riverbanks.
The white trim around
their blue wings give
them a sharp look.

&50
-Checkered Blue-
The flowers that grow
on rocky outcroppings
are its favorite food.
That's why they fly up
to the mountains.

&51
-Forest Pierrot-
I think my grandpa
would like them since
their wings look like
Go boards. They feed
on aphid honeydew.

&52
-Indian Awlking-
Their big eyes and big
tummy make them look
like Mothra! I love
their shiny metallic
wings.

&53
-Miyama Stag-
It doesn't matter what
kind of oak tree it is,
they'll eat any kind of
sap. It's impressive
how not-picky they are.

&54
-Japanese Stag-
They're big, jet black,
and have a sleek finish.
Super cool!
They're the kings of the
heavy-weights.

&55
-Giant Stag-
They've got stocky
rectangular bodies and
U-shaped jaws. They
come out at night to
suck up sap.

&56
-Little Stag-
They're small and cute,
but don't be fooled.
They're found
everywhere because
they're really
tenacious.

&57
-Sawtooth Stag-
Their jaws are sharp
and jagged like a saw.
Sorry if the name made
that obvious.

&58
-Red-footed Stag-
Their red legs stand
out and make them
easy to identify.
They're attracted to
house lights at night.

&59
-Oni Stag-
They're small and kinda
cute in my opinion.
So why do they call
them 'oni'?

&60
-Japanese Rhino-
Their magnificent horn
makes quick work of
stag beetles. They walk
with a heavy gait
that can't be easily
toppled.

&61
-Japanese Stag ♀-
They don't have big
jaws, but they more
than make up for it
with their big strong
shiny bodies. The males
better watch out!

&62
-Japanese Rhino ♀-
They're a bit smaller
than the males, but are
immovable objects
when it comes to
wrestling. Don't
underestimate them!

&63
-Gold Oni Stag-
You can find them
skittering around on
fallen trees in the
forest. They're
normally very rare...

&64
-Aegus Stag-
The lines on their back
remind me of my dad's
suit. They like to feed
on fermented tree sap.

&65
-Fuji Miyama Stag-
They play during the
day, and go to bed at
night, like good little
children. That's what
sets them apart from
other stag beetles.

&66
-Heike Firefly-
They produce a flickery
glow from their butt.
They're born in ponds
and rice paddies and
make a blue-green glow
even as larvae.

&67
-Dusky Lilly-squatter-
On the end of their
tails there's a bright
blue mark. Who put that
there, and why?

&68
-Yellow Waxtail-
You'll hear them called
waxtails or darts but I
looked it up and they're
actually a type of
damselfly.

&69
-White-legged
Damselfly-
The dots along their
body make it look like
a measuring stick.
Hmm, what would they
ever need to measure?


&70
-Jewelwing-
They fly above rivers
in mountainous areas.
Their wings can be
orange, brown, or see-
through depending on
how you look at it.

&71
-Golden-ringed
Dragonfly-
These are the biggest
dragonflies in Japan.
They're big, but only
live around small bodies
of water.

&72
-White-tailed Skimmer-
They like big sunny
ponds to spawn in, and
appear in large
numbers.
They turn their noses
up at little puddles.

&73
-Butterfly Dragonfly-
They look like a cross
between butterfly and
dragonfly, but they're
really just very pretty
dragonflies with blue
wings.

&74
-Pied Skimmer-
Their pitch-black
bodies are split down
the middle by a white
line. They like shaded
trees near ponds.

&75
-Bekko Tombo-
Their name comes from
the tortoiseshell
patterns on their wings.
As they get older,
though, they turn
completely brown.

&76
-Autumn Darter-
They look red buzzing
around, but it's only
the tail that's red.
After hatching, they
fly up the mountains
and come back down in
autumn.

&77
-Migratory Locust-
These are the biggest
grasshoppers you'll
find in Japan.
You might mistake them
for small birds when
they're in flight.

&78
-Asian Bush Cricket-
They rub their wings
together to make a
really loud annoying
noise. Their long legs
stand out too.

&79
-Kusakiri Cricket-
They crawl out onto the
grass after it rains.
They're really common
and change colors in
spring depending on
their location.

&80
-Umaoi Cricket-
They hide out on low
trees and the forest
underbrush. They make
a clear melodic chirping
noise.

&81
-Japanese Katydid-
They'll eat anything,
including cucumbers
and small bugs.
You can hear them
chirping if you
listen on a hot day.

&82
-Emma Field Cricket-
I'm scared of these
because their name
reminds me of King
Enma, Lord of Hell.
When they chirp, you
know that fall is near.

&83
-Sword-tail Cricket-
They chirp during the
day in summer and
nighttime in autumn.
People like their soft
and gentle singing.

&84
-Bell Cricket-
They crawl into deep
holes in grassy areas.
Their singing comes
across clear and pure,
like a bell.

&85
-Matsu Cricket-
Only the males chirp,
so the females are
completely silent.
They jump really
quickly and are hard
to catch.

&86
-Chinese Grasshopper-
They make a grinding
noise in flight.
You can recognize
them by the long
unique horns on
their head.

&87
-Pygmy Groundhopper-
They're really short
and stocky, so I think
they're cute. On the
ground they look like
little clumps of dirt
hopping around.

&88
-Ombu Locust-
The photo looks like a
parent and child, but
they're actually
husband and wife.
The female is carrying
the male on her back.

&89
-Kawara Locust-
They like to avoid
open grass, so they
hide out around the
rocks on riverbanks.
Only found in Japan,
but very common here.

&90
-Kempfer Cicada-
It doesn't matter if
it's sunny, rainy, or
cloudy, these guys are
always making a high-
pitched screeching
noise.

&91
-Large Brown Cicada-
During the summer,
they go silent around
lunch time. Because
they sing mornings and
evenings, you can use
them as an alarm clock.

&92
-Ezo Cicada-
They love pine forests
of cedar and cypress.
Sometimes they hang
upside down from tree
branches. I don't know
why they do that.

&93
-Evening Cicada-
If you walk up to a
tree in a dark thicket,
one of these might fly
out. They sing a sad
song during evenings
in early summer.

&94
-Min-min Cicada-
They cry out their song
because they only have
two weeks to live.
They're named after the
sound they make.

&95
-Tsuku-tsuku-boshi-
There's a deep sense
of regret you feel when
you hear their song
because it means that
summer is over.

&96
-Kamenoko Ladybug-
A very round ladybug
with a bright sparkly
shell. They're nice
because they eat the
pests off walnut trees.

&97
-Hadda Beetle-
They munch on potato
and eggplant leaves,
and blast you with a
stinky yellow juice
when they're caught.
What is that stuff?

&98
-Chinese Mantis-
They even kill and eat
small frogs and snakes
using their razor sharp
claws. This bug flips
the food chain on its
head.

&99
-Asian Jumping Mantis-
They look like the
Chinese mantis, but
they're smaller and
less vicious. It's
funny watching them
play dead.

&100
-Paratrichius Scarab-
Ha-ha! That's one of
the weirdest ones I've
seen. Their horn
thingies look just like
bird's feet.

&101
-Cicada Shell-
How do they have
shells if they fall off all
the time? Do they have
layers of shells inside?
And how do they get
their wings through it?