&1
I finally made it to my
uncle's beach house!
The big summery sun
shined down the whole
way to Fumi.
///
Listening close from
my bed at night,
I can hear the sound
of the waves.

&2
I tried using a
crayfish as bait
when fishing.
///
If I catch a lot,
I should let the
crayfish have some
fish, as a treat.

&3
I swam past the edge
of the harbor for
the first time.
///
The sun beams lit up
the ocean and all the
fish in it.
It was so pretty. . .

&4
A twisty bramble of
branches rests at
the bottom of Lake
Okusawa.
///
It's like it was
calling to me to
swim inside. . .
Spooky.

&5
I finally got up to
the top secret base!
You can see all kinds
of stuff from up here.
///
It's so high up that
everyone looks tiny.
It rules!

&6
I did it! I really
found my own beetle!
I love the way its
shell sparkles.
///
But. . . it pinches
me when I try to
hold it. Ouchies.

&7
Today was my first
beetle sumo match
ever!
///
Push! Pull! Throw!
Hang in there, little
guy! Waaah it was
so much fun!

&8
I caught my very first
crayfish! The claws
are kinda scary. . .
///
Scary, but totally
cool.

&9
Bad news.
My morning glories
withered up.
It was my fault.
///
I guess I forgot to
water them. Morning
glories. . . I'm sorry.

&10
My morning glories
bloomed! I can finally
see how beautiful the
flowers are.
///
Too bad they close
up again so quick.

&11
A vine of morning
glories bloomed,
but it wasn't my
vine.
///
I was still happy to
see it, though.
I'll leave it alone.

&12

Tap, tap, tap, tap. . .
That's the sound of
a shoulder massage.
///

If I put all my
strength into it,
I get some spending
money.

&13
SHYOOOOOM!
We have lift-off!
///
Over the ocean and
over the mountains
and. . . KRA-KOW!
A crash landing.

&14
The rocket flew off-
course and toward
the mountain.
KA-SPLOWIE!
///
Space feels even
further away than
it did before.

&15

Empty can in its
beak, the seagull
soared through the
sky.
///

Where does it get
them from? I guess
seagulls must love
soda too.

&16
The twinkly fireflies
lit up the sky at
night.
///
If I gathered lots
and lots together,
could I use them
as electricity?

&17
Putting my hand over
the sun, I can see
its light running
through me.
///
The power of the
sun fills up my body,
giving me energy.

&18
Softly, softly.
Gently, gently.
Jellyfish float so
peacefully underwater.
///
I wonder if I'm the
only one who thinks
they're cute.

&19
Munching on snacks
near the water makes
all kinds of fish
show up.
///
Well I'm not sharing
with any of them!

&20
Hey, I got the stopped
water wheel to move!
The rickety old wood
groans and creaks as
it spins.
///
Shwoosh, shwoosh,
shwoosh-it's hard at
work paddling the
water.

&21
One of my beetles is
suuuper strong! It won
a lot so I rewarded it
with a name.
///
That should make it
get even stronger,
right?

&22
The Queen Rhino is
defeated. . . but
there's still more
battles to go.
///
What in the world
could Takeshi's 
ultra top-secret
weapon be. . .

&23
Victory is mine!
The Great Giga-King
is defeated!
///
Next time I'm gonna
go head to head with
the ultra top-secret
weapon! . . . right?

&24
Takeshi's ultra top-
secret weapon was a
very suspicious big
red stag beetle.
///
They finally showed
me the way up to
Mount Totten
That means we're
best buds now.

&25

At the very tippy top
of Mount Totten were
two pudgy peaks.
///

From there you can
see across the ocean
to the curves of the
world.

&26
I had to look every-
where, but I finally
got all the Dino
Series bottle caps!
///
But. . . I still don't
know what Jet Cider
has to do with
dinosaurs.

&27
I managed to fish up
a real monster of a
striped beakfish.
///
We turned it into
sashimi and had a
scrumptious dinner.

&28
My giant marbled sole
was the catch of the
day. We fried it up
and ate it too.
///
I think food tastes
better when you
catch it yourself.

&29
I caught a ginormous
char today. We made
salt-grilled char for
everyone to eat.
///
It turned out to be
as tasty as it was
big.

&30
I gave the 100 yen
coin I found to my
aunt.
///
It felt like I was
doing a good deed,
even if it got
kinda awkward.

&31
Why did I spend
that 100 yen coin!?
Oh no, what am I
gonna do!? 
///
I absolutely
positively can't
tell anyone about
this! Wauuugh!

&32
The incense sparklers
we got from the monk
sizzled beautifully in
the night.
///
When the tip of the
sparkler falls away,
it marks the end.
Goodbye forever. . .

&33
We lit the last
fireworks of summer
today. It was fun. . .
but made me kinda sad.
///
The sounds of the
sparks meant that
autumn had arrived.

&34
This river is going
to be mine forever! I
even gave it a name:
"Ritoru River".
///
Although I still have
no idea what it
means. . .

&35
Moray eels have
really long bodies.
Long faces too.
///
I can't figure out
how they can keep
track of it all.

&36
I made a huge
discovery in the
ocean!
///
I bet theres loads
of undiscovered stuff
in the sea.

&37
I was shocked by how
huge the ray was!
///
How come nobody
believes I really
saw it?

&38
I found a frail old
fish deep in the sea.
It was kinda beat up.
///
I was surprised it
could still swim
despite all that.

&39
I found out you can
use the sea as a
shortcut!
///
I can get straight to
Yoh's house like this.

&40
The sea is full of
fresh new tiny life!
///
There's a bustling
world of fish down
there!
Hi baby fishies!

&41
I found a hidden bay
by going through a
secret tunnel!
///
I'm not telling
anyone about it,
it's all mine!

&42
That animal must have
been lying out there
for a while-it had
almost rotted away.
///
I gathered up some
courage and made
a grave for it.

&43
It took sooooo much
saving up but I
finally bought the
Battleship Yamato
model kit!
///
I'm going to treasure
it forever!

&44
50 million yen in gold
bars was stolen by
some master thief. . .
Who could it be?
///
And will anyone tell
me what a "statute
of limitations" is?

&45
The boatman looks like
he's got the blues.
He's going through
some rough stuff.
///
I learned that there
are times when
grown ups cry too.

&46
The nurse has a date
tomorrow! I wonder
when I'll finally be
going on dates. . .
///
. . . If ever.

&47
Simon's job is to
take photos of the
beautiful sunset.
///
But what does he
do for the rest of
the day?

&48
The world is filled
with so many different
sad and struggling
people.
///
If we could all get
along better, maybe
the world would be
a better place.

&49
I took a bath together
with Simon today.
///
His head wasn't the
only place that
had blond hair.

&50
I met a very strange
girl at the clinic
in the evening.
///
She was very gentle,
but it was like she
was hardly there.

&51
The girl at the clinic
gave me a whole 50
yen!
///
The coin looks
different from the
ones I'm used to.

&52
I saw Gramps and the
patient girl
together today.
///
I'm not sure why,
but they seemed
well acquainted
already.


&53
Gramps doesn't
seem so good. Maybe
the heat's getting to
him.
///
Or maybe it was
something he ate.

&54
I let the old doctor
know that he can be
my third grandpa.
///
Hmm, wait. . .
Out of my other
two, which one is
grandpa number 1?

&55
Hikari's fortune telling
is a mystery to me.
///
Her little piece of
origami knows what
happens today and
tomorrow.

&56
Hikari took me on
a long walk to
show me the secret
beach.
///
The wind there
carried a salty
breeze from the
sea.

&57
Hikari took some
food and brought it
to the run-down house.
///
She probably
wasn't gonna give
me any.

&58
We built a grave and
had a funeral for the
kitty that passed
away.
///
I hope it makes it
to heaven.

&59
Yasuko took me on
a little tour of
her house.
///
It's got a big round
roof and garden
with lots of
blooming flowers.

&60
Yasuko guided me
around some different
parts of Fumi today.
///
I hope she can
patch things up
with her old friend.

&61
Yasuko is really down
over this thing with
her mom.
///
She also had some
problem about how
to eat beans or peas
or something.

&62
Yasuko and Yoh have
finally patched things
up between them.
///
It's like they just
remembered that
they're supposed
to be friends.

&63
Yasuko's mother
arrived at the Akane
House. Her name is
Shizue.
///
I can't figure out
why she doesn't
sleep in her own
house.

&64
Shizue left today.
I had to be the one
to see her off at
the dock.
///
Bon voyage!
Farewell!

&65
Shizue left behind
the key for Yasuko's
house!
///
I don't know what I
expected, but opening
the door wasn't as
cool as I imagined.

&66
I got my picture
taken on the second
floor with all the
other kids.
///
Aww geez, I hope I
wasn't making a
weird face.

&67

I got to meet the
boy who builds those
noisy rockets.
///

He's got big plans
to  
explore space.

&68
Yoh needed a little
push, but he worked
up some courage and
met with Yasuko.
///
She was totally
freaking out the
whole time.

&69
I found one of Yoh's
crashed rockets in
the hills!
///
I took one of the
parts from it, but
what can I do with
it?

&70
I discovered one
of Yoh's crashed
rockets at the
bottom of the sea!
///
I managed to
retrieve one of
the parts.
Nice going, me.

&71
A huge discovery!
I found a wrecked
rocket lying in a
ditch!
///
The rocket valve
was still intact.
Its metal still shined.

&72
I got to write my
name on Yoh's rocket!
///
I hope this means
that I too can
 
explore space.

&73

Yasuko and Yoh told
me a story about just
some of the countless
stars in the sky.
///

I bet I can come
back each night to
learn even more.

&74
I chopped down a
tree to make a bridge
over the river.
///
There's a wild new
frontier waiting
for me beyond it.

&75

I got to meet with
the Wolf Man today.
He's kind of a weirdo.
///

But I get the feeling
there's some wisdom
in what he says.

&76

Who knows where that
wolf disappeared to.
A terrifying creature. . .
///

A dark shadow with
a bone-chilling howl. . .

&77
The Wolf Man must be
some kind of wizard.
He can burn plain old
wood into pitch black
charcoal.
///
And after its burned,
it can somehow keep
burning again!
How does he do it?

&78

The Wolf Man was
nowhere to be seen
today.
///
In my imagination I
see him out there
as a wolf. He must
not want us to look
for him.

&79

Happy birthday Aunt
Mitsuko! She's such
a warm and cheerful
person.
///

Takeshi and Shigeru
love their mom a
whole lot.

&80
Tack-tack clack-clack!
Way back in the day
my uncle was a
carpenter.
///
He gave up on it
for some reason.
I wonder why.

&81
My cousins took me
exploring around
Okusawa today.
///
It was scary at
times, but the forest
and the lake were
especially pretty. 

&82
The closed-up cave
was open today so I
went inside.
///
It was dark and
windy in there. . .
It felt like a place
where ghosts would
live.

&83
The earthquake
knocked a whole car
into the sea.
///
Can we take it on
underwater
adventures now?

&84
Takeshi did something
really dangerous today.
///
We had to run over
to the cave to
rescue him.
Thankfully, he was
okay.

&85
In the depths of
the dark cave I
discovered some
deep water.
///
I bravely dived
into it and found
myself under the
waterfall in the
harbor.

&86

Holy cow. . .
Inside the cave I
found a box of
glittering gold bars.
///

But I didn't take
them since they
weren't normal
money.

&87
My uncle said he had
a fear of heights
that turned into a
big problem.
///
Recently he's gotten
over it, though.
Good for him.

&88
A new guest arrived
today. She's a cool
and pretty college
student.
///
She wears long red
pants and a red
thingy on her head.

&89
You can hear Yoshika
playing her guitar
in the evenings
before dinner.
///
Her bittersweet
strumming echoes
around Akane House.

&90
Some guy has showed
up and he's living in
a tent by the beach.
///
He's keeping a close
eye on Yoshika.
I don't get him at all.

&91

There's a new guest
at Akane House and
it's a grumpy old guy.
///

I want to know why
he came here to
Fumi.

&92

There's something
here that Taniguchi
is searching for.
///

It must be something
left behind from
long ago. . .

&93
There's something
going on with
Yoshika, the tent
guy, and Taniguchi.
///
But. . . I just
can't figure out
what.

&94
Yahoo, I have a new
little brother!
Simon and Nagisa
are engaged too!
///
Good things are
happening all around!
Happy days!

&95
I swam and played
outside so much this
summer that I got all
tanned and toasty!
///
I hope my parents
still recognize me
when I go home.

&96
People will ask what
I did this summer.
My blank white face
will say it all.
///
This is my life now.

&97
I collected every
single kind of bug
there is!
///
That means I can
be a real insect
scientist now!
Wait, maybe I
really could. . .

&98
Everybody was so
awesome this summer.
Thanks so much, you
guys.
///
I'm never gonna
forget our campfire
on the beach.
It gets a bit chilly
at night now.

&99
Goodbye everyone!
Take care!
I love you all!
///
Someday, I'll be
back to play again!
I promise!

&100
I made so many
unforgettable
memories this summer.
///
The rocket with my
name on it flew all
the way to space.
I hope it makes it
to the moon.

&101
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&102
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&103
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&104

Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&105
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&106
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&107
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&108
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&109
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&110
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&111
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&112
Nothing special
happened today.
///

But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&113
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&114
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&115
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&116
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&117
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&118
Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.

&119

Nothing special
happened today.
///
But I still think
it was a wonderful
day.